Added help text where needed on connectors and alert actions UI (#69601)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/action-types/email.asciidoc

To, CC, BCC::    Each is a list of addresses. Addresses can be specified in `user@host-name` format, or in `name <user@host-name>` format. One of To, CC, or BCC must contain an entry.
Subject::       The subject line of the email.
Message::       The message text of the email. Markdown format is supported.

[[configuring-email]]
==== Configuring email accounts

The email action can send email using many popular SMTP email services.

> You configure the accounts Email action can use to send emails using the connector form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You configure the email action to send emails using the connector form.
```

--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE

If you get an authentication error that indicates that you need to continue the
sign-in process from a web browser when Email action attempts to send email, you need
to configure Gmail to https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/6010255?hl=en[Allow
Less Secure Apps to access your account].

If two-step verification is enabled for your account, you must generate and use
a unique App Password to send email from {watcher}. See
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/185833?hl=en[Sign in using App Passwords]
for more information.

[float]
[[outlook]]
===== Sending email from Outlook.com

Use the following email account settings to send email action from the
https://www.outlook.com/[Outlook.com] SMTP service:

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
config:
    host: smtp-mail.outlook.com
    port: 465
    secure: true
secrets:
    user: <email.address>
    password: <password>
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE

When sending emails, you have to provide a from address, either a default one
in your account configuration or as part of the email action in the watch.

> NOTE:   You need to use a unique App Password if two-step verification is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE:   You must use a unique App Password if two-step verification is enabled.
```

        See http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/app-passwords-two-step-verification[App
        passwords and two-step verification] for more information.

[float]
[[amazon-ses]]
===== Sending email from Amazon SES (Simple Email Service)

Use the following email account settings to send email from the
http://aws.amazon.com/ses[Amazon Simple Email Service] (SES) SMTP service:

> [source,js]

Reviewer: source, text?

--------------------------------------------------
config:
    host: email-smtp.us-east-1.amazonaws.com <1>
    port: 465
    secure: true
secrets:
    user: <username>
    password: <password>
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE
<1> `smtp.host` varies depending on the region

> NOTE:   You need to use your Amazon SES SMTP credentials to send email through

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE:   You must use your Amazon SES SMTP credentials to send email through
```

        Amazon SES. For more information, see
        http://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/DeveloperGuide/smtp-credentials.html[Obtaining
        Your Amazon SES SMTP Credentials]. You might also need to verify
        https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/DeveloperGuide/verify-email-addresses.html[your email address]
        or https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/DeveloperGuide/verify-domains.html[your whole domain]
        at AWS.

[float]
[[exchange]]
===== Sending email from Microsoft Exchange

Use the following email account settings to send email action from Microsoft
Exchange:

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
config:
    host: <your exchange server>
    port: 465
    secure: true
    from: <email address of service account> <1>
secrets:
    user: <email address of service account> <2>
    password: <password>
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE
<1> Some organizations configure Exchange to validate that the `from` field is a
    valid local email account.

> <2> Many organizations support use of your email address as your username, though

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Many organizations support use of your email address as your username.
```

>     it is a good idea to check with your system administrator if you receive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Check with your system administrator if you receive
```
